The Threshold: What was the specific moment this quarter where "code" clicked for you?
    a. I would say my threshold moment that really made code click for me was the recipe in style assignemnt. I feel as though up until the we were sepertly dealing with HTML and CSS but that was the first assignemnt we got to put them together and I ended up creating soemthing I never thought I could have. Esspically going from the first recipe site that was just bare bones information with no style, just made me reaslize how easy it can be to make a professional looking webwsite with some basic HTML and CSS styling. 

The Pit: What was the hardest assignment? How did you get yourself out of the "pit of despair"?
    a. I think the hardest assignment for me was the Style Guide, just due to the fact of the sheer volume of information and requirments. It was defiently a challenge to try and design the guide as there was a lot of information to cover and trying to make it looks nice while setting up the structure and all he different tab sections. What helped me get out of the pit of despiar was one taking it section by section and using my recousres as thier was a couple of time I just could not figure soemthing out so I had the built in GPT help me figure it out and understand the code I was trying to accomplish. 

The Pivot: Look at your original "Moodz and Vibes." How does your final portfolio compare? Did you stick to the plan or pivot? Why?
    a. I think my final portfolio matches pretty well to my "Moodz and Vibes" board. I decided not to change anything as I still liked the fonts and colors I picked. I also used the same stylistic elements like the geometric shapes and lines to creates fun little pops of design elements throughout my site. 

The Process: What would you change about how you approached this course? (e.g., time management, reading documentation, asking for help).
    a. I think I would definitely change my time managment approach because a lot of these projects ened up taking way longer than I thought. Trying to balance my other classes and work I thought I would only need to carve out a small chunck of time to complete these assignments but they ended up taking me longer and that put me way behind schedual. I would also like to keep a more orginized file structure next time as I feel it got a little messy in the end due to all the different documents and files I had. 

The Future: How do you see this hybrid skillset (Design + Code) impacting your future practice?
    a. I can definitley see this hybrid skill set being helpful to me in the future as designers have to wear many hats to stand out and get the job so I am gald I will be able to add this skill set to my resume. I also think it is very important in this day and age to know these skills as with new emerging technology it is important to stay up to date and know how to use these tools as that is another thing that can help you stand out from others. Even if I don't see myself fully leaning into the coding side of design, I am gald I at least will be able to understand some of it.